Add PIM PAG API documentation in graph beta (#19585)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/privilegedaccessgroupeligibilityscheduleinstance-filterbycurrentuser.md

---
title: "privilegedAccessGroupEligibilityScheduleInstance: filterByCurrentUser"

> description: "Retrieve the eligibility schedule instances of privileged access to a group relationship assignment for the calling principal."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Return instances of membership and ownership eligibility schedules for the calling principal."
```

author: "mandardalvi"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# privilegedAccessGroupEligibilityScheduleInstance: filterByCurrentUser
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Retrieve the eligibility schedule instances of privileged access to a group relationship assignment for the calling principal.

Reviewer: Match Line 3

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|

> |Delegated (work or school account)|PrivilegedAccess.ReadWrite.AzureADGroup, PrivilegedAccess.Read.AzureADGroup|

Reviewer: Proper order

|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|PrivilegedAccess.ReadWrite.AzureADGroup, PrivilegedAccess.Read.AzureADGroup|

> 

Reviewer: RBAC

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http

> GET /identityGovernance/privilegedAccess/group/eligibilityScheduleInstances/filterByCurrentUser

Reviewer: Add required function parameters to the syntax

```

## Function parameters
In the request URL, provide the following query parameters with values.

> The following table shows the parameters that can be used with this function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows the parameters that must be used with this function.
```

|Parameter|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|on|eligibilityScheduleInstanceFilterByCurrentUserOptions|Filter used to query eligibilityScheduleInstances. The possible values are `principal`, `unknownFutureValue`. Required.|

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this function returns a `200 OK` response code and a [privilegedAccessGroupEligibilityScheduleInstance](../resources/privilegedaccessgroupeligibilityscheduleinstance.md) collection in the response body.

## Examples

> Note: This method requires either the principalId or groupId filter property.

Reviewer: Same comment as in other instances of this statement
```suggestion
```

> ### Example 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example 1: Retrieve schedule instances for the calling principal
```

#### Request
The following is an example of a request.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "privilegedaccessgroupeligibilityscheduleinstancethis.filterbycurrentuser"
}
-->
``` http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/identityGovernance/privilegedAccess/group/eligibilityScheduleInstances/filterByCurrentUser(on='principal')
```

#### Response
The following is an example of the response.
>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.privilegedAccessGroupEligibilityScheduleInstance)"
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{

>   "value": [

Reviewer: Real payload, please

    {
      "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.privilegedAccessGroupEligibilityScheduleInstance",
      "id": "String (identifier)",
      "startDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
      "endDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
      "principalId": "String",
      "accessId": "String",
      "groupId": "String",
      "memberType": "String",
      "eligibilityScheduleId": "String"
    }
  ]
}
```

> ### Request

Reviewer: I believe you intended to have an "Example 2 section here? I've put a placeholder title.
```suggestion
### Example 2: Retrieve schedule instances for the calling principal and filter by the group and accessId

#### Request
```

The following is an example of a request.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",

>   "name": "privilegedaccessgroupeligibilityscheduleinstancethis.filterbycurrentuser"

Reviewer: Give it a unique name so it doesn't conflict with Example 1 above

}
-->
``` http

> GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/identityGovernance/privilegedAccess/group/eligibilityScheduleInstances/filterByCurrentUser(on='principal')

Reviewer: This is a duplicate of Example 1's URL. You can change this to use $select, $filter, and $expand

```

### Response
The following is an example of the response.
>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.privilegedAccessGroupEligibilityScheduleInstance)"
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

> {

Reviewer: Then replace this with the exact payload, please
